# Section 7.0: collaboration

* Look through the list of matplotlib gallery examples that need improvements
(this version of the gallery is built off of the current master branch):
  * Think about a change that would make them clearer. This can be
  documentation or adding code. We've added some suggested changes, but you're
  welcome to do a bit more if you think it would be clearer.
  * A good example to reference (and aspire to) is [this one](https://matplotlib.org/devdocs/gallery/images_contours_and_fields/image_annotated_heatmap.html#sphx-glr-gallery-images-contours-and-fields-image-annotated-heatmap-py)
  * Choose a fix that you want to make. Tell us all what change you want to
  make in the spreadsheet linked in zulip.
* Fork the matplotlib repository to your user account: https://github.com/matplotlib/matplotlib
* Clone the fork to your local machine
* Branch off of master
* Make your fix and commit it on your branch
* Make sure your fix complies with matpltolib's contribution guidelines:
https://matplotlib.org/devel/contributing.html#contributing-pull-requests. Add
and commit changes if necessary.
* Push this branch to your fork.
* Submit a pull request to matplotlib. When you do, link to your pull request
in the zulip chat so we can start reviewing it immediately.

Extra credit:
* look through the other groups' pull requests and submit a review on one of
  them. You can always review a pull request as a non-member of the community
  -- reviews from package users are especially helpful even if they're not core
  developers!
* submit a PR or file an issue to the lesson we did today!:
  https://github.com/munkm/git-github-tutorial/
